Update file-plan-manager.md (#1312)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/file-plan-manager.md

   |RetentionAction|String|This property specifies what action to take after the value specified by the RetentionDuration property expires. Valid values are:</br>**Delete**: Items older than the value specified by the RetentionDuration property are deleted.</br>**Keep**: Retain items for the duration specified by the RetentionDuration property and then doing nothing when the duration period expires. </br>**KeepAndDelete**: Retain items for the duration specified by the RetentionDuration property and then delete them when the duration period expires.   |
   |RetentionDuration|String|This property specifies the number of days to retain the content. Valid values are:</br>**Unlimited**: Items will be retained indefinitely. </br>***n***: A positive integer; for example, **365**. 
   |RetentionType|String|This property specifies whether the retention duration is calculated from the content creation date, event date, labeled (tagged) date, or last modified date. Valid values are:</br>**CreationAgeInDays**</br>**EventAgeInDays**</br>**TaggedAgeInDays**</br>**ModificationAgeInDays** |

>    |ReviewerEmail|SmtpAddress|When this property is populated, a disposition review will be triggered when the retention duration expires. This property specifies the email address of a reviewer for **Delete** and **KeepAndDelete** retention actions. You can include the email address of individual users, distribution or security groups. You can specify multiple email addresses separated by semi Colon.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |ReviewerEmail|SmtpAddress|When this property is populated, a disposition review will be triggered when the retention duration expires. This property specifies the email address of a reviewer for **Delete** and **KeepAndDelete** retention actions. You can include the email address of individual users, distribution, or security groups. You can specify multiple email addresses separated by semicolons.|
```
